Don Forgash, I wanted to say dual sim cards was the main reason I purchased the SAMSUNG Galaxy A54 5G. After reading so many conflicting reviews, I gave up and went to Samsung's website to verify this phone. They stated that it does support two Sim cards. One reviewer said he returned his phone when it did not have a second sim card slot.Here's the thing, it has the standard pop out SIM and SD card holder that most phones have AND it has a built in eSIM. Both the SIM & eSIM have an IMEI, those numbers never change, like serial numbers.The way the second sim card, the eSIM is activated is through your carrier. They can generate a QR code for you to scan or you can type it in. It takes several steps with the SIM Manager. Your carrier can also cancel the QR code and re-issue it.They were not familiar with this particular model and it took several tries for them to get mine to work.It took several days to get it done so if you are in a hurry to have service I would suggest using the physical SIM first.Mine already had my primary cell number working and the eSIM is where I had my land line ported.So, yes, I have two numbers working on my Galaxy A54 5G, both are local numbers here in the US.My overall impression of the A54 is that it is full of apps that will serve no purpose for my needs but it is a solid well put together phone. I do 99% of my work on a PC and the phone is when needed. It will take a while for me to get familiar with the phone and determine which apps running in the background can be removed or turned off. I think that should help out with the battery life. It's not bad but it isn't as good as the battery life on my Motorola Moto, that would last three days or longer.Bottom line is I would probably purchase this phone again. Don't ask about pictures and video, I haven't had a chance to try them out but they are known to be top notch.
Amazon Customer, I bought this Samsung A15 as a replacement for a Motorola ACE 5g that became intermittent with connecting with cell towers. Even though the Samsung is several years newer it feels slower than the Motorola. The screen looks GREAT (!) with vivid colors, clear images and good viewing angles. The processor though . . (uhg) feels slow. Maybe it's the low cache, or MediaTek chip, but overall the phone has a slowness to it with texting, switching apps, or gaming. If you want a phone for viewing the web or videos this phone still does ok.
Larry Sockwell, I hate that I must take extra steps to bypass all of the Samsung garbage to use the normal Google stuff. I hate that Samsung is the only company left that makes a phone that lasts.The phone makes calls.I don't care about the camera, it's a phone. I own a camera.I don't care about the speed, it's a phone. I have an Xbox and a PC.That is all.
Kelly H, My wife's old Galaxy S9+ was in terrible shape, so she is really happy about this upgrade. I just wanted to say that the A54 version WORKS ON SPECTRUM MOBILE. That was not totally clear when purchasing. Pro tip: if you're not sure, check the IMEI number printed on the box BEFORE OPENING. I was able to verify the IMEI number on Spectrum's website, and just swapping in her previous SIM card, everything worked. Since Spectrum uses the Verizon network, I assume this means it would also work with Verizon, but use the IMEI trick with any carrier to verify first. If you do not open the box, any necessary return should be easy.
AmazonJunky, Replaced an aging Motorolla G series with thus Samsung. Battery life is not as good, and Samsung apps are a bit of a pain and are largely unrecoverable. Works well, and seems to be bug free, but we'll see how well it holds up.
carlos diaz, A descent phone for the price, good for browsing the internet with 5 G speed. Compare to other Samsung A series phones, the A 25 works smoothly. The only downside is the battery. It was 100% when I went to sleep and when I woke up it was 80% with all apps closed.
Hallo, I have a $35 15GB 5G prepaid plan with Verizon. All I did was moving the SIM card from Note 5 which is no longer getting updates since 2018. I'll show you howto self activate at the end. 9 out of 10 apps on Note 5 are no longer supported by play store lol. What a big noticeable change. I was worried this is going to be a waste of money, used returned beaten up item, and negative reviews left on CDMA carrier like Verizon, nah I'm like a little kid on Xmas eve again. I bought this on Cyber Monday deal *used like new condition* with 20%, warehouse deal out of the door was 270. Was it a gamble? Yes, lucky hit. Everything works as advertised. So far could not tell why this phone was returned. It doesn't appeared to be used at all. 80% battery power appears to be default so I don't think last user even turned it on. Spent about an hour got all the updates all the way up to Nov 1st patch, still waiting for UI6/Android14 - updates dropped me to 60% power - how nice, can't say the same thing with my old note 5. I can't speak for other carrier but Verizon is notorious for dropping call priority once you've used your SIM card past 18 months. If you've used it past 18 months, do exactly as I'm telling you. Go to a Verizon store with your old phone, tell them excuse me I've had this SIM card for the past 18 months and I'm getting call delay. They will give you a free brand new SIM card, make sure it said 5G on it. I don't think they have any more 4G sim so you don't need to worry and also not worry if your old phone takes 5G or not - SIM cards are backward compatible. Have them install the SIM card, make sure it works on your old phone. Great go home, open your new A54 swap out the SIM card right away hahah enjoy :)
ben schwartz, Had to knock a star off bc of the lack of esim support but otherwise it’s excellent. Just need a bleeping SIM card. Setup was pretty simple otherwise.
Lizzie, I upgraded from glaxay note 10 plus and this phone is awesome I didn't want to give up on my note but this phone has changed my mind great price great phone
Saldia, My only issue with this phone purchase was that it didn’t come with a charger. Overall its s working just fine. Will update if there is any changes.
Nicole, Works great. I needed a phone immediately as my last phone (S10) fell and broke, and this one had fast shipping. It's specs aren't as high as the S23 but it's great. You won't notice much difference really, it's only a bit slower but it's doable. I love the purple color. My hands are small so it was uncomfortable and really slippery without a case, but I got a case immediately and it's more manageable to hold now.Battery life is absolutely amazing. I can't believe how great it is. And I use my phone HEAVILY. Watching videos, gaming, muli tasking with a billion tabs open and not once did my phone die on me. Had it for a month so far.
Kyle B., What is not to like....it has all of the bang for $200. I switched from a google pixel to the a15 and although there was somewhat of a learning curve, it was easy to transition. There are wayyyy more tech specific reviews that offer all of the specific data etc...but I don't care about that. I just wanted an affordable phone that does all of the stuff well and this is IT!
stephanie jordan, The camera has a way to zoom in by touching the.5,.1.5, and.2 on the screen. The clarity is wonderful.I had to get use to where the controls were place compared to my old samsung but I love it.
GW, Receiver likes it, she is not a power user so don't know missing features but is working well for all the day to day tasks, old phone data transferred easily.
D., Overall not its not bad. I only use my phone for calls, texting and photos of grandkids. I like not having to charge it everyday. I like how its easy to use. Picture quality isn't as good as my old phone (J3 Luna Pro) I know old LOL. For $200 new, you'd have a hard time beating it.
Sarah Boo, My brother doesn’t use his phone for much really but he had the s9 forever and decided on a lower cost upgrade he is satisfied with this phone!
Buffawo, This was bought as a gift for someone who desperately needed an upgrade. It's overall just better in every aspect than this person's old phone. Better resolution, it operates quicker, still has a headphone jack, 5G. Well worth the price.
kim b., I used to own a Galaxy 7 and this phone is much improved. Really good battery life.
Amazon Customer, Works well. I feel this item should be no more the 200 tops. Nothing special. Heavy brick compared to my moto.
Izzy, I still use it half a year later and it works just as smoothly, has a great battery life and the camera works great. The color is so cute
DIANE M DONOVAN, Samsung A54 5G has a camera rated among the best in 2023. A couple of professional reviews thought that the color rendering was too vivid; however, I found that the A54’s display settings can be changed from “vivid” to “natural” so the reviewers may have been looking at the vivid rather than the natural display setting. I’ve yet to find out how my photos look on my laptop or other display, however.For me, the A54’s competition was the Pixel 7/7A or I could have waited for the Pixel 8. When I made my purchase, the 7A was $100 more than the A54. I would have paid more for an arguably better phone whose camera can make blurry photos sharper; however, the 7/7A has an issue with spontaneous lens shatter, also an issue with the preceding Pixel 6/6A, and I didn’t anticipate it being fixed in the Pixel 8. I could imagine being on vacay and no longer able to take pictures, a total bummer since I’m such a shutterbug. BTW, during my last vacay I took most of my pix with a DSLR that has a fairly decent 18 MP resolution. The A54’s main camera has 50 MP, so my DSLR is in danger of gathering dust in the closet, if you know what I mean.Now on to the phone (sorta joking about buying a camera that makes phone calls). Since Verizon has not great reception in my apartment building, I was concerned about whether my new phone could do Wi-Fi calling or whether I would have to go outside in the winter to talk on the phone. Answer: Yes, the A54 can make Wi-Fi calls with Verizon! So far, crystal clear call quality with some intermittent static.The A54’s user interface is very intuitive, easier than my work phone (iPhone 11) or even my old Samsung S7. There were some preloaded apps that I don’t need, so I just removed them.There is some flak these days about cell phones having a USB C data cable, no charging plug, and no earphones. I already have many charging plugs and ear phones, bought an inexpensive USB C-to-USB adapter for the data/charging cable, and plan to buy a USB C-to-headphone jack adapter rather than ear buds.I set up fingerprint unlock, which works fine. I will probably set up face recognition as well.Even if I had paid more than $349 (the S7 was $400 in 2017), I would still be completely satisfied with my A54 and highly recommend it!
Mark W, Bought to replace Galaxy S6 I 've had since new (yeah that long). Transferring all my contacts and data was a snap. I was absolutely impressed that my old phone lasted so long, only needing battery replacement twice. So getting another Samsung was a no brainer. I read a lot of reviews and chose the A54, mainly because it has all features I want at a good price. Battery improvement over the previous model is nice. I considered the S series but the price is too high.
Kindle Customer, I love how it looks. It is easy to navigate.
Shawn Tith, Not the best nor the worst. It adequately meets basic needs and provides satisfactory entertainment. While the processor may be lacking compared to high-end models, the phone's performance is reflective of its price point. Despite the older processor, the battery life is more than sufficient. Gaming is decent, especially if you avoid heavy storage usage.
luke l., The phone works great, I got a great deal on it as well , I saved roughly 200 dollars US. buying through Amazon. excellent picture quality, my only gripe was that the lenses for the camera apertures were not flush to the phone, but the cases made for this model fix the issue.
Neal, Nothing to cause this phone to stand out in the month or so if using it. Nothing to make me return it. I dislike the screen app layout but feel sire that my apathy about it has lead me to miss how to change it. I'll add things if they come up...good or bad.
Joe, Phone works perfectly!
GretchenG, This phone is so much nicer than any I've had in the past. I don't mind paying the price because it's absolutly everything I need in a smart phone.
Zygma GR, This is my BEST PHONE of my life . Excellent. I do Not want different
Thomas J. Lorenzo, This phone is very enjoyable to use it has all the features I want I'm glad I was able to pop my sim card in and was phone was ready to use long battery life nice screen size
Good, as it says, Good and easy to use
Bev, Great phone and price. I needed a new phone to transfer my service to a new provider. This phone fit my needs and price. Works great.
Bibie, Cool cameras
Wonjae Lee, I like the size , color and weight. Quality of Pictures is great 👍
Judith Tacquet Bracho, Glad I bought this. Would recommend.
T Davis, The phone should have come with a proper wall charger. We had to order a wall charger for it separately.
sawdustmaker, Every time I need a new phone I try a new brand.This time it was Samsung's turn.Pros:Nice screenSamsung UI is very similar to Apple (I had an iPhone)which means very nice.Cons:Very poor battery life.Fingerprint scanner turns off.I need to charge this phone every day.I have never had a new phone that I needed to do that to.I even turned off the 120 Hz screen. Didnt make a difference.I setup phone to use fingerprint scanner when screen is off.After phone as been idle a few hours, every time I go to use scanner.Its no longer there, I have to use my 4 digit pin to get in phone.After using the phone and turning it off the scanner is back again.This phone costs too much for things like this to happen.On just a 5 watt charger this phone charges real fast.My experience has been when that happens the battery is old and failing.This is the way all my other phones worked.They took a long time to charge when new.Next phone I need I'm not sure what brand Ill buy.As poor as the battery is in this one it might be sooner than later.
Item exactly as pictured and described., I hadn't bought a phone since 2020. I had 3-4 Motorola phones in a row because they are almost pure android and they have some nice options. The last was a Moto G Power. The battery life was great but like all phone batteries it got weaker over 3 years. Motorola also only gives 2 years of updates which I don't like.Now for the Samsung. It has enough bells and whistles I am still learning. The phone is much quicker than my old phone but we will see how it is in 3 years. If I am not mistaking they give 5 years of updates.I don't see the need for a high end phone for me so I look for medium priced phones. I would suggest this phone. The only drawback is the battery isn't as good as my Moto Power when it was new. This is a more powerful phone so that might be part of it.I consider it a good buy for the money.
B. Morrison, The phone is a great deal.Has so many features and the camera quality is awesome
Antoni, Big battery, Full HD OLED, expandable storage, headphone jack; $200. CPU is not elite but unless you're running benchmarks you'd never know it.As an early adopter and tech nerd, to buy an Android phone - plus some extra pixels and less the headphone jack - for 5-7x the price is nuts.
Ellie, Es excelente
Ruben Ongos, This is a great phone for someone who does not need all the bells and whistles of an S series phone, nor wants to pay to price for one. Frankly, you won't notice what's missing. I will say, if having wireless charging is a deal breaker for you, this is not the phone for you, as it doesn't have it. Like all Samsung phones it was a little annoying to set up with all the little settings you want to customize, but it's made infinitely easier with the Smart Switch app, which will move *most* of your apps and settings over.The camera is really great, sound quality for music and voice is good. Some people have had difficulty hearing me when I have it on speaker, but I think that's more a deficit of the room I am in when using that method of calling. Using an ear bud, or going into another room, solves that. I'm still getting used to the feel of it in my hand, as it's a little thicker and squarer than the S series phones. It's not off-putting, though, just different.The lavender color makes it attractive and is only available in retail versions, not from your carrier or even Samsung itself.
Miss Patty, Great phone!! Can't beat the price. just as or even better than other marketed phones!!!
Amazon Customer, Husband bought this to replace his old Android. It was so easy to set up and get him going with his new phone. Works well, screen is large and bright. Calling his friends and family overseas was a joy. Haven’t tried the camera yet but I’m sure it won’t disappoint.
Elisabeth Waldron, Good value
D.LeeP, Great case especially for the price! I drop my phone all the time and wanted a case that was sturdy but didn't look like it was military issue, my choice of color not just variations of camo and a case that actually did it's job - protecting my phone. Also one that cost less than my phone. This one checked all the boxes. I would highly recommend it.
Mauser, Battery life is about twice as long as our Galaxy 9+. Screen is clear and vibrant with good response times.
L. Romans, This is my first Samsung phone, but we do use Samsung tablets that we really like. I did not want to replace our phones; the older Motorola and Lg phones were wonderful, but I got really sick of the vendors not updating them after two years. That, and around 3 years in, the phones always seem to start developing mysterious issues that they never had before (e.g, needing frequent restarts to get the audio to work) - just like the vendor is trying to force you to buy something new. I really do not like that.The main draw here, besides good ratings, was the promise that the software would be updated for FOUR years.I'm not really all that impressed. Maybe it is just getting used to something different, but I do find many things missing compared to the same priced phones from Motorola and LG. For example, the phone does not have a proximity detector or a metal detector, and the disgusting nag software that is included from Samsung really ticks me off. Taking a long time to weed it out. There are some nice new features too, so it is not all bad, just not as good as I had expected.One of the most irritating things is that you often cannot just tap a "button"; instead, you have to hold on it and swipe some direction. Two really annoying places this shows up is when the phone rings, and you have two buttons available - one to answer and one to reject. No instructions on the screen at all, but neither button works unless you tap/hold/swipe Up. My Motorola phone shows just one button, and you swipe up to answer and down to reject, but the key is that it TELLS you that right on the screen!Another even worse situation is when the calendar sends you an alert, and the big "Dismiss" button on the bottom does NOTHING at all! I am still not sure what works to actually dismiss those alerts - after a few minutes of tapping, screaming, cussing, etc., I just hide the phone under a pillow and leave the room. I do not know if any of these issues are specific to all Samsung phones or just this A54, but either way it makes me wish I had not bought it.
Thomas Kovac, I have always liked the Samsung brand of phone. I bought this phone because I wanted one with larger storage and a better camera. This phone fits the bill. I'm very happy with the quality of the photos it takes. The size of the phone is perfect for me. I didn't want a larger-sized phone because my hand is on the smaller side. The only thing that I'm not totally happy about is how much power it uses in a 24-hour period even though I haven't used it that much since I just got it. I'm pretty sure it's not a defect in the phone though. I think I need to look into making some adjustments in my apps and settings to take care of that problem. All in all, I'm very happy with this phone and I'm not at all sad that I bought it.
Tyl Blackmon, I love the look and feel of the phone, but unfortunately there are a few major issues. The camera glitches if I try to livestream or do any video calls. Also my mic is horrible! so I have to use a mic every time I live stream, record, and video call. As a Content creator this is a major disappointment.